Expand the Projects List (#472)
Open-Cap-Table-Coalition/Open-Cap-Format-OCF: docs/PROJECTS.md

Shoobx and @regebro are working on PyOCF, a Python library to read and create Open Cap Table Format files. Check it out [here](https://github.com/Shoobx/pyocf).

### OpenCap.co

> [OpenCap.co](https://opencap.co/) is both an open source project a company. They're building an [open source cap table application](https://github.com/opencapco/opencap.co) that is compatible with the OCF standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OpenCap.co](https://opencap.co/) is both an open source project and a company. They're building an [open source cap table application](https://github.com/opencapco/opencap.co) that "will follow" the OCF standard.
```

I don't feel we should claim compatibility on their behalf; "will follow" is what their README says.

Reviewer 2: Pushed this change, but I left off the double quotes
